chore: release v2.3.0 (#366)
dfinity/evm-rpc-canister: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.3.0] - 2025-02-12

### Added

- Make the number of nodes in a subnet configurable by specifying it in the installation arguments (new field `nodes_in_subnet` in `InstallArgs`).
- Allow to override provider URL upon installation for testing purposes (new field `override_provider` in `InstallArgs`).

### Changed

> - Ankr replaced `rpc.sepolia.org` as default provider for Ethereum Sepolia.

Reviewer: nit: the current phrasing could _potentially_ be misleading as there are multiple default providers. 

```suggestion
- `rpc.sepolia.org` replaced by Ankr as one of the default providers for Ethereum Sepolia.
```
